## Early adopters of the TF Grid.

Early adopters of the TF Grid capacity and the Autonomous IT layer are
- **HP Enterprise Advanced Development Centre**.  Joined proof of concept to demonstrate that HP Enteprise's distributed machine learning software runs on the TF Grid and the Autonomos layer enables mmachine leanring at the source of data creation.  This no longer requires all of the data to be pushed into a single large datalake where the machine learning happens. See our sponsor Prasad Shasrty speak about this on [Discover2019](https://community.hpe.com/t5/Behind-the-scenes-at-Labs/Watch-Jake-Ludington-interview-Prasad-Shastry-on-how-to-improve/ba-p/7055307#.XYjDrJMvOL4)
- **D.Evo**. Industry 4.0 requires the Internet of Things to happen for the industry.   Remote powerplants, power transport stations, production factories all require a constant flow of data to monitor and steer the production processes.  Today this happens in a centralised way where all the data is collected and transported into centralised databases.  D.Evo will build a decentralised collection and processing architecture for industrial data. MOU agreed and sigend and first proof of concept started.
- **Blockheating**.  A young dutch  Entrepeneur is creating and deploying distributed datacenters next to agricultural glass houses.  The heat generated by running computers in theses datacenters is repurposed to help tomatoes and bell peppers grow.  First use case of actually using TF TEch technology is to help monitor and control the heat regeneration process.  Find more [here](https://www.blockheating.com/)
- **Solidaridad**.  Creating small pockets of datacenter capacity with compute and storage facilities in remote areas for (agricultural) smallholders.  Solidaridad has an existing application real estate to help farmers become better at what they do, for example to anhance crop yield by providing better information about soil quality, water management and crop diseases. However these applications run in central datacentes and do not reach the majority of smallholders. POC is under way in upper Egypt starting first deployments early 2020.  Find more about Solidaridad [here](https://www.solidaridadnetwork.org/)
- **NBH Markets**.  Large gold trader using the technology to enhance their trading capabilities ans lowering their trading costs.
- **STPI India**.  Software Technology Parks of India are researching the possibilities to provide (very) low costs compute and storage capabilities to small to medium businesses in India.  Services provided by the large global cloud providers are too expensive and remote for these businesses.  Small quantities of local capacity with an automation layer that enables autonomous operations is being investigate to deliver cloudservices locally.  MOre information [here](https://meity.gov.in/content/stpi)
- **dVPN**.  Distributed Virtual Private Networks created by compute and storaga capacity that lives outside of the world of (largescale) datacenters.  Protecting privacy and access on the internet is a difficult task and dVPN is building a distributed setup of peer-to-peer tunnels running on a network of Capacity.
