# Project: TAG2TAG

 Every child deserves an education. We have built a community of thousands of teachers globally which allows us to connect to children and teachers in refugee camps. Our platform allows to train teachers in refugee camps (67% of which haven't completed secondary education) and have interactions between refugee students and students globally changing their mindset and fighting polarization.

## Impact

We want to raise the bar of eduation by having experts to teach the students and by initiating teacher trainings with help of technology. For years we have been working to bring positive and needed change to the education system and this is another step forward. A peer-to-peer education system opens up the possibilities for learning and positive solutions for our world. Aditionally we will be able to set up global projects to tackle climate change and other issues allowing students to connect, brainstorm, create, share, solve problems and take action. We will measure impact in multiple ways – number of teachers and students brought on to the platform, number / impact of solutions brought for global projects, and more. We will work with universities of Harvard, Brussels and Nairobi to collect qualitative and quantitative data measuring impact.

## Powered by ThreeFold

Our peer-to-peer platform will be run on the ThreeFold Grid and will utilize elements of 3Bot technology. 3Bot Meet solution will be used to allow teachers to teach refugees. We have already been doing this for five years: projectkakuma.com and thanks to the ThreeFold (e.g. 3Bot Meet) we will be able to allow people globally to connect and learn from peers including refugees and people living in harsh conditions.

## Join saving our Planet!

Every child deserves an education. Inspire change. Take action. Join us making the planet a better place by fighting polarization and giving every single one on earth a quality education.

In the first stage, we will target refugees and teachers globally, and in the second stage we will focus on global projects like climate, poverty, and more. For years we have been working to bring positive and needed changes to the education system and this is another step forward. A peer-to-peer education system opens up the possibilities for learning and positive solutions for our world. The platform will be run on the ThreeFold Grid and will utilize elements of 3Bot technology. The P2P Zoom (tentatively named 3Bot Meet) solution will be used to allow teachers to teach refugees. (We have already been doing this for five years: projectkakuma.com.).We have a community of thousands of teachers globally which allows to connect to children and teachers in refugee camps. Our platform allows to connect, create and share. This way we can train teachers in refugee camps (important as 67% did not complete secondary education), have interactions between refugee students and students globally changing their mindset and fighting polarization, teach refugee students and teach young adults to code so they can find a job. Thanks to TF technology (e.g. 3Bot Meet), we will be able to allow people globally to connect and learn from peers including refugees and people living in harsh conditions. Aditionally we will be able to set up global projects to tackle climate change and other issues allowing students to connect, brainstorm, create, share, solve problems and take action. We will measure impact in multiple ways – number of teachers and students brought on to the platform, number / impact of solutions brought for global projects, and more. We will work with universities of Harvard, Brussels and Nairobi to collect qualitative and quantitative data measuring impact.

| Name         | Date   | Description | Recommendations | Funding |
|:-------------|--------|-------------|-----------------|---------:|
| PLATFORM LAUNCH WITH FOCUS ON REFUGEES |  2020/07 | Development platform which allows students and teachers to connect globally. 300,000 Refugees will receive free education. | | 1'000'000 TFT 150'000 USD |
| PLATFORM EXTENSION WITH FOCUS ON CLIMATE CHANGE | 2021/10|  Extend Platform which connects students globally allowing them to explore, discuss, create and share solutions about climate change, and take actions. We will work with governments to bring substantial change in 10 countries | | 1’500’000 TFT 225'000 USD